If you would like to change the name on your marketing certification from Google the process is very
very simple.
You might have put in the nickname or just your initials and to make it really look official you want
your correct name so you can see here it says My name is David Walsh.
Actually my name is Dara wells so I'll walk you through the steps to change it so you can see the full
process.
So the first step to change your name on your marking certification from Google is to log into your
academy friends account.
Click on my profile.
Open the top right hand corner then click on edit profile and then click on change your name so in here
what we're doing is actually changing the name on your Google account so you can sign in or click on
personal information.
Click on name and then just edit your name to how you want it to be.
Then you can click on done confirm and then which you want to do is come on back to your academy for
ads at Kent.
So if we come back in here let's refresh the page and see if changed.
Not yet.
So what I recommend you do is you actually clear the history from your browser and it does not matter
what browser you're using just clear the history and the cache then come back in you're probably gonna
have to sign back into academies for ads again.
So just go ahead and do that.
And then once you sign back in you can see that the name has been changed.
If I come back and look at my profile and I look at the certification you can see now it shows my correct
name.
So that is the process to change the name on your marketing certification from Google.
It's very very simple.
So go ahead and do that if you need to do so.